Release notes 3.1.0 (#1950)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/3.1.0.md

> Release 3.1.0 of the API Gateway module changes the stored version of APIRule to `v2alpha1`. This is the next step in the migration process to the `v2` version and the removal of the `v1beta1` version. #1777

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release 3.1.0 of the API Gateway module changes the stored version of APIRule to `v2alpha1`. This change is part of the migration process towards the `v2` version, which will eventually result in removing the `v1beta1` version. #1777
```
